Add section on conflicting superinterfaces (#5828)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/guides/language/sound-problems.md

<hr>

### Conflicting Superinterfaces

A class which `implements` more than one superinterface must be able to
implement valid overrides so each member requires compatible signatures across
the superinterfaces.

Superinterfaces must not include conflicting generics.
A class cannot implement both `C<A>` and `C<B>`, including indirect
superinterfaces.

#### Example

In the following code,
class `C` will have conflicting generic interfaces and it will be impossible to
define valide overrides for some members.

> <?code-excerpt "TODO"?>

Author: @atsansone - is there a doc describing how to set these up? Do we have any best practices for organization, or naming, or anything else I should be aware of?

Reviewer: Yup. Kinda hidden: https://github.com/dart-lang/site-shared/blob/main/doc/code-excerpts.md

<hr>

### Conflicting Superinterfaces

> A class which `implements` more than one superinterface must be able to
> implement valid overrides for every member.
> Each member with a given name requires compatible signatures across the
> superinterfaces.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** May want to add something to clarify here.
```suggestion
A class which `implements` more than one superinterface, or member,
must be able to implement valid overrides for every member.
Each member with a given name requires compatible signatures across the
superinterfaces.
```

If this is done elsewhere, you don't need to do it here.

Author: I don't think this is correct - I'll tweak the wording for clarity. I'll change to.

```suggestion
A class which `implements` more than one superinterface must be able to
implement valid overrides for every member of every superinterface.
Each member with a given name requires compatible signatures across the
superinterfaces.
```

Superinterfaces must not include conflicting generics.

> A class cannot implement both `C<A>` and `C<B>`, including indirect

Reviewer: **nitpick:** You can use `can't` here. In fact, [Google Style prefers it](https://developers.google.com/style/contractions#negation-contractions).

superinterfaces.

#### Example

In the following code,

> class `C` will have conflicting generic interfaces and it will be impossible to
> define valide overrides for some members.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Recommend a little tweak.

```suggestion
class `C` has conflicting generic interfaces.
Define valid overrides for some members would be impossible.
```
